🏥 Coalition Technologies Patient Data API for FED Skills Test
Welcome to the Postman documentation for the Coalition Technologies Patient Data API used for the FED skills test. This API is designed to provide front-end developers with a realistic scenario for integrating a web API. Below you'll find detailed information on how to authenticate and retrieve sample patient data.

Notes for FED Skills Test Participants
The data is not real, it was generated using a custom created script.
The API provides static data designed for testing front-end implementations - it is not uniquely generated on each API call.
Display information only for Jessica Taylor; displaying other patients' data is unnecessary and will not yield extra points in the skills test.
In some instances, data will need to be manipulated to match the design mockups accurately. This manipulation is crucial, so please pay close attention to the mockups.
The data in the API for Diagnosis History, Diagnostic List and Lab Results will not match the designs exactly. This will not be counted against you.
Hard coding the encrypted Basic Auth will be counted against you, we expect that you encrypt the key yourself using the proper methods.
You can refer to this article to help you get started with how to make an API call using Basic Auth if you need it: https://gomakethings.com/sending-credentials-with-javascript/.
Below you will find all the API information you need to get started.

Happy coding! 👩‍💻👨‍💻

AUTHORIZATION
Basic Auth
Username
coalition

Password
skills-test

GET
Get All Patients
https://fedskillstest.coalitiontechnologies.workers.dev
The endpoint makes an HTTP GET request to retrieve data related to a person's medical information. The response is in JSON format and includes fields such as name, gender, age, profile picture, date of birth, phone number, emergency contact, insurance type, diagnosis history, diagnostic list, and lab results.

AUTHORIZATION
Basic Auth
This request is using Basic Auth from collection🏥 Coalition Technologies Patient Data API for FED Skills Test